we came here to fix this right we're not
gonna leave until I do I think this is
the place
welcome home better than you what's
wrong I can't stop seeing you in him I'm
sorry let's start over okay
it's like we're the only two people in
the world
I can fix this for you
mrs. Sutter eco Eduardo's neighbor gotta
be a sexy Italian guy it's just arrived
go for a walk right save you drinking
eeeh Federico was just telling me all
about your night last night you need to
leave right now what not friends any
friends I don't even know who the hell
you are there is another way it is quick
deal isn't that it's Frederico here last
night do you really want to start this I
just don't trust that guy Bryan
[Music]
you know what I love about drugs
the hunt
you know retain make it to say
and then you wake how do you always
manage to appear whenever I need hope
he's not that water's name I know
the look in his eyes
[Music]